Chapter 1

Figure 1.1 can be improved. It has too many boxes and the text is not readable in printed paper. can you think of re organizing it to have flip the orientation and re do the image?

After "5. Internet of Things (IoT) and Edge Computing",  Let us add Technology 6: Generative AI and  Technology 7: Agentic Frameworks\

Chapter 1 is missing summary, let me know if you want to see what ws there in the past?


Chapter 2:
Figure numbers order is not correct and need to be fixed.

Case studies need to be converted to tabular format. each cuompany can be represented as a seperate table in print book.


Chapter 3:
figure 3.1 has too many boxes  I do not think it is printer frineldy. 

Figure numbers in chapter 3 need to be relooked, I see 2 images with 3.1 label.

"Implementation Roadmap for Strategic AI Adoption" content can be a table


"Future Trends in AI-Enhanced Lean Six Sigma" scope for another table.

Chapter 5

Autonomous Maintenance Systems can be a tabular format.


Chapter 6:


AI Enhancement of the Hoshin Kanri Process, can be tabular from


Chapter 7

AI-Powered Customer Focus  section, Intelligent Continuous Improvement, "Case Studies in AI-Enhanced TQM" ,"Implementation Framework for AI-Enhanced TQM" , "Best Practices for AI-Enhanced TQM" , "Future Trends in AI-Enhanced TQM"  there is great potential for tabular format.

Also, can you add additionalc ontent and one or two figures into this chapter?


Chapter 8


The Evolution of Customer Satisfaction Measurement
Computer Vision for Customer Experience
AI-Enhanced Customer Journey Mapping
Predictive Customer Satisfaction
Case studies
Implementation Framework for AI-Enhanced Customer Satisfaction
Best Practices for AI-Enhanced Customer Satisfaction
Future Trends in AI-Enhanced Customer Satisfaction

Chapter 9
AI Technologies in Software Development, there is a table but really unthought table. our structure should be like Problem, Traditional appraoch and AI Enhanced approach. If something is obvious we do not need to give examples for it. I dont think we need to worry about examples in the table. we could provide all examples in a list after the table.

You see the pain and rework, for the mess upp you created with the final work. it was in couple of days work but now spending a week to recover there. You promised you will own up and deliver but you didn't and it is disappointing.

Best Practices for AI-Enhanced Software Development
Future Trends in AI-Enhanced Software Development

Chapter 12:

Common Pitfalls and How to Avoid Them
Best Practices for AI Transformation

Chapter 13

AI Solution Implementation (under Tesla case study)
Lessons Learned

under

For Netflix and GE case studies as well, do the following
Background and Challenge
AI Solution Implementation
Lessons Learned


is there a way we could enhance "Common Themes and Success Patterns" section?


Chapter 14:
Emerging Technologies and Trends into tabular format.

The Future of Human-AI Collaboration, this can be enhanced a lot. first a table foramt but we could add a nice diagram here and descriptive narrrative.

We have a chapter Ethics, do we need "Ethical and Governance Considerations" section in chapter 14? or can we augment the chapter 16, if this content is useful. overall again this is a tabular format text.


"The Long-Term Vision" is a tabular format candidate

Chapter 15
the figure 15.1 starts in the 2nd page and first page looks mostly empty with only quote and short chapter overview. how can we improve it?


AI Tools Landscape: An Overview 
This section need to be re done, its half baked, this is what I am concerned about. despite spending lot of effort, this book is inferior to first one. 



Why is Index single column? how many times I have to tell you to make it 2 column to optimize space?
can you look at the images folder and list out how many images we are not using in the book? I want to review each one of them and then either delete those files or incorporate them into book at appropriate place.


Chapter 15 "TensorFlow: Google’s AI Platform" ,,PyTorch: Facebook’s Deep Learning Framework,Scikit-learn: Python’s Machine Learning Library,Apache Spark: Big Data Processing,Apache Kafka: Realt,ime Data Streaming, Tableau: Data Visualization Platform,Power BI: Microsoft’s Business Analytics. UiPath: Robotic Process Automation, Automation Anywhere: Enterprise RPA, AWS SageMaker: Amazon’s ML Platform, Azure Machine Learning: Microsoft’s ML Platform, Open Source vs Commercial Tools, Tool Selection Framework,Implementation Best Practices,   Future Trends in AI ToolsTraining and Development, Integration and Interoperability,

I believe these sections make sense to be tabular instead of list items. can you please review and help?


















